---
slack_ts: 1739914974.911039
date: 2025-02-18
participants: ["U01BM2AMQ10", "U027NBKSDBN", "U0292TXTJMD", "U081YS61Y06"]
source: slack
---

# Slack thread 1739914974.911039

**U081YS61Y06** (2025-02-18 21:42 UTC):
Hey is <http://dealercarsearch.com|dealercarsearch.com> an actual CRM? or just a website and feed provider?

**U01BM2AMQ10** (2025-02-18 21:43 UTC):
<@U081YS61Y06> have you been given this sheet yet by your team?
<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14phuGeyLXCrBXOixVG4SAicHcRG7n6_0kBUcxGAnaLU/edit?pli=1&amp;gid=115168427#gid=115168427|Provider Sheet> - all of the CRMs we currently work with are in there as well as this info that was provided above^^

For the future it would be great if you could refer to the sheet first :muscleflipped: Will help you have the answers quicker as well.

**U081YS61Y06** (2025-02-18 21:47 UTC):
So prior to us setting him up for hammer drive, would he need to ensure that <http://dealercarsearch.com|dealercarsearch.com> is actually filtering his leads to dealercarsearch? or would we be able to do that for him. He's wanting to be able to see all of his leads in one place? not exactly clear on how he has this set up right now

**U0292TXTJMD** (2025-02-18 21:48 UTC):
We can set up leads to come into Hammer where he can see them all in one place but we are not a CRM so we cannot leave notes or disposition the leads - it just houses our conversations.

**U0292TXTJMD** (2025-02-18 21:51 UTC):
DCS is a website provider, feed provider, and sometimes acts as a dealers “CRM” but not always all three. I would see if he gets leads to DCS - they forward leads to us so if he gets them into DCS great, if not then we would have to get them from the individual lead providers, and we could send it back into his DCS i fhe has a CRM

**U027NBKSDBN** (2025-02-18 21:57 UTC):
<@U01BM2AMQ10> the feedsheet didn't answer the question (as far as I can tell).

<@U081YS61Y06> sounds like DCS isn't always a CRM, which means he probably just isn't using one. It would make Hammer a great tool for him to centralize all his lead sources into one place.

**U0292TXTJMD** (2025-02-18 22:01 UTC):
Yeah, I think the question was a little hard to understand! I wasnt even sure what was being asked at first either, but let me know if you need anything else to answer your question :pray:
Again, if he uses us to “centralize” his leads he would only have access to view the conversations and lead source (if thats all he needs)
