---
slack_ts: 1742334083.656499
date: 2025-03-18
participants: ["U01BT3D131D", "U05FEBZTGH4"]
source: slack
---

# Slack thread 1742334083.656499

**U01BT3D131D** (2025-03-18 21:41 UTC):
When someone asks for the CarFax report on a car, do we send customers to the website to get the report or how is that typically handled? Does anyone happen to have any conversation examples of this? I have a demo tomorrow and dealer specifically asked about this

**U05FEBZTGH4** (2025-03-18 21:56 UTC):
<@U01BT3D131D> Typically what I do is make sure the dealer's inventory provider provides the vehicle detail page links for each vehicle. Most dealers that use CarFax have a 'show me the carfax' button for each used vehicle on their website. I create a prompt providing the direct link to the desired vehicle on the website and instructing the prospect what to do to see the carfax.

Now, depending on the feed provider and what they provide sometimes FR is able to tell how many owners the vehicle has had or if it's certified.

Overall, for the best user experience dealer just needs to make sure vdp urls are provided for each vehicle. If not, we would create a prompt asking the customer what their email is so dealer can email the vehicle history report.

**U01BT3D131D** (2025-03-18 21:59 UTC):
Thank you for the info! Are you able to send me the link to the conversation you sent a screenshot of?

**U05FEBZTGH4** (2025-03-18 22:01 UTC):
<https://dashboard.hammer-corp.com/dondelinger-automotive/leads/messages/2e8ac6ea-0ddb-4f40-bf12-8e9a2cf11b06>

I didn't initially provide it as I didn't like how it just said "VDP" instead of providing the actual link like it was supposed to. I reran it and it was a one off glitch. I don't have other examples off hand. I would have to dig for them
