---
slack_ts: 1750886200.177039
date: 2025-06-25
participants: ["U01AYS87U4R", "U05LJ1DJBHC", "U9CPDDJES"]
source: slack
---

# Slack thread 1750886200.177039

**U9CPDDJES** (2025-06-25 21:16 UTC):
Good afternoon team! I know you guys are swamped but just for insight <https://office.hammer-corp.com/accounts/1b035d4e-5010-4add-bd5d-7506c608d66a#profile|Alvarez Auto Sales, LLC> - Sergio is asking what the hold up is on his account going live for CL campaign and he wants to continue with FB AIA since I explained the difference on what we do compared to what he is doing. He asked if he can have CL go live with a campaign not exceeding 75 credits for the month and wants to re-setup AIA. He was a little frustrated at the beginning but towards the end of the call was very calm and said Im sorry I don't want to be a pain in the ass for your team I just want to know what else I have to do to get this thing live and exactly what's going on just asked for transparency. I mentioned most accounts do not go live for at least 4-5 business days as we wait for all connections and customization to be completed. He said if <@U05LJ1DJBHC> can give him a call to set up FB Ads and if possible get the CL Campaign running.

**U9CPDDJES** (2025-06-25 21:54 UTC):
<@U05LJ1DJBHC> AIA didn't go into FQC right I didn't find it but he wants to go through with it

**U05LJ1DJBHC** (2025-06-25 22:02 UTC):
I can give him a call tomorrow to get the AIA setup. As far the CL goes that's <@U05FPFVUQLU>'s deal. I had already turned CL on when I spoke to him on Monday so im not sure what's pending to OBC the deal. <!subteam^S07U0JDHKK2>

**U05LJ1DJBHC** (2025-06-25 22:02 UTC):
for LOS info is on this thread - <https://hammercorp.slack.com/archives/C039N43L1/[vin-redacted]>

**U01AYS87U4R** (2025-06-25 22:06 UTC):
He wants the price hidden for CL, but we can’t fully hide it. Sent a request to dev.

**U05LJ1DJBHC** (2025-06-26 16:45 UTC):
He is in PST so im waiting till around noon to call him to get fb setup
