---
slack_ts: 1755020625.195669
date: 2025-08-12
participants: ["U0292TXTJMD", "U05LJ1DJBHC", "U0674V9304W"]
source: slack
---

# Slack thread 1755020625.195669

**U05LJ1DJBHC** (2025-08-12 17:43 UTC):
I was working on OB completing this <https://office.hammer-corp.com/accounts/f37706e3-793e-4e71-a875-d6e116c57eb6#profile|save> - Airborne Automotive that came through and while I was doing my notes for the webchat test message I noticed the webchat script seemed to have been removed from their Website. I called and spoke to Niecey to see if maybe this was something she authorized DealerCenter to remove, or if it was something we could add back on together through DealerCenter. But she said that the reason it was removed was because the webchat that's on there now was something that DealerCenter hooked up for her and she can only have one webchat on the website. So theirs took over. She said she is able to text people who call her office phone she can answer from her phone and text them. She said she put their number and send them a review, she can see all her leads in one place and call from her computer/laptop while it being connected to the office line. Like an integrated phone system ?  <@U0674V9304W> so now she said that because she doesn't have a webchat and no other ulps, she wants to cxl :face_exhaling: <!subteam^S08F3KTU2AH>

**U0292TXTJMD** (2025-08-12 18:54 UTC):
<@U0674V9304W> do you wanna give her a call back and convince her to go ahead with the promo and maybe use us as wc? or switch her out for a lead generator to try out? 
seeing if you can sway her back before we fqc it!

**U05LJ1DJBHC** (2025-08-18 17:35 UTC):
<@U0674V9304W> Hey hey! Was wondering if you got a chance to get a hold of her ?

**U0674V9304W** (2025-08-18 19:19 UTC):
<@U05LJ1DJBHC> I haven't been able to reach her.

**U0674V9304W** (2025-08-18 19:21 UTC):
Just went to their website and they are using Podium.

**U05LJ1DJBHC** (2025-08-20 13:32 UTC):
Should I hold on to it still for you to reach, or should I fqc?

**U0674V9304W** (2025-08-20 14:47 UTC):
FQC
