---
slack_ts: 1770220024.242519
date: 2026-02-04
participants: ["U01A89YMZL1", "U01AYS87U4R", "U0292TXTJMD", "U09CWAV1TEV"]
source: slack
---

# Slack thread 1770220024.242519

**U09CWAV1TEV** (2026-02-04 15:47 UTC):
<!subteam^S08F3KTU2AH> <https://office.hammer-corp.com/accounts/252b55d5-296a-4b5c-bb15-d3412773ac10>

**U09CWAV1TEV** (2026-02-04 15:47 UTC):
Dealer is using *Auto Dealers Digital* for *Facebook leads* and *DealerCenter* as the main CRM.
 All leads already go to DealerCenter *except FB leads from ADD*.
He thinks FB leads must be forwarded *manually*, but there *should be a way to auto-route them* to DealerCenter.
He wants *all leads in DealerCenter* so we can engage everything.
Can you advise how to set this up?

**U0292TXTJMD** (2026-02-04 16:22 UTC):
I wanted to try to help clarify!
We do not connect to *pull* leads *FROM* dealercenter, we pull leads directly from the lead sources/providers when they have Dealercenter.

It looks like we requested from Ad.D to get the leads sent to us already - Please note: this doesnt mean we can answer their personal facebook messages which is likely what hes getting (if the FB leads are able to be sent with a phone number to us, Ad.D should set it up from our request)
Additonally, We cannot help get his Ad.D leads into Dealercenter directly - that would be up to the provider!

**U0292TXTJMD** (2026-02-04 16:24 UTC):
<@U01A89YMZL1> Heads up for likely needing to route leads to DC CRM!

**U09CWAV1TEV** (2026-02-04 17:06 UTC):
hey he just called me back he said everything is looking good and seeing all the leads now, but he was wondering what he would need to provide to dealermart to get them to send leads directly to us. he said its apart of dealercenter but ive never heard of it

**U0292TXTJMD** (2026-02-04 17:19 UTC):
I dont believe we have any info on them either :thinking_face: and im not finding any contact info online.

He can send them his Hammer ADF lead email address: <mailto:[email-redacted]|[email-redacted]>

Or! If he has the contact email or number he uses for them he can send it to you or <mailto:[email-redacted]|[email-redacted]> we can look into setting that up for him!

CC: <@U01A89YMZL1> in case you are aware of anything to do with this vendor!

**U09CWAV1TEV** (2026-02-04 17:56 UTC):
okay thanks i just sent him the hammer adf email!

**U01A89YMZL1** (2026-02-04 18:31 UTC):
Sorry for the late response. I haven’t seen anything come through for a lead source/company under Dealer Mart/DealerMart. I have heard of _DealerSmart_ (they multi-platform marketing like FB/TT/Google). I don’t think we have ever connected with them before (that I am aware of). Just mentioning the name in the off chance that is what the dealer meant. I’ll try to keep an eye out for the leads after it goes live in case we can extrapolate more info, find POC/website for the company etc for the ULP sheet.

**U09CWAV1TEV** (2026-02-04 19:38 UTC):
someone from dealermart just called me can anyone hop on my call real quick

**U01AYS87U4R** (2026-02-04 19:38 UTC):
I can

**U0292TXTJMD** (2026-02-04 19:39 UTC):
Sorry on a call!

**U09CWAV1TEV** (2026-02-04 19:40 UTC):
thank you

**U01AYS87U4R** (2026-02-04 19:42 UTC):
All set!

**U09CWAV1TEV** (2026-02-04 19:43 UTC):
thank you so much!
