---
slack_ts: 1774452150.093939
date: 2026-03-25
participants: ["U01AYS87U4R", "U05LJ1DJBHC"]
source: slack
---

# Slack thread 1774452150.093939

**U05LJ1DJBHC** (2026-03-25 15:22 UTC):
<https://office.hammer-corp.com/accounts/975d1630-f4d1-4d64-9e1f-944e297ef96a#profile|Key Chevrolet GMC of Newport> - Ticket link <https://app.hubspot.com/help-desk/3355079/view/366351973/ticket/43671692875/thread/[phone-redacted]#notes|here>

Chris with vehiclelyfe is helping Manny complete the hammer setup and activation.
Had questions about the links in the email being broken and how the activation process works. He also asked if the items below were required for this frikintech OB?
• Legal Business Name
• Business Type
• Tax ID
<!subteam^S08F3KTU2AH>

**U05LJ1DJBHC** (2026-03-25 15:24 UTC):
not sure how these OB's are, do they still need to provide the items above? ( Tax ID business type etc? ) If so I can simply reply back explaining why they're needed , I just need confirmation. I am also going to send them the direct login link so he can activate the hammer account cause apparently none of the links worked for them ( Likely because account wasn’t activated yet )

**U01AYS87U4R** (2026-03-25 15:32 UTC):
Manny will need the conversation link to get back to the activation screen for the account.

We do need the legal business name and EIN as well.

Chris most likely cannot access the links because he would need to be added to the account, and I can’t add them until the account is activated. Plus he has access to several Hammer accounts and I am pretty sure the links still error out in those cases.

**U05LJ1DJBHC** (2026-03-25 15:42 UTC):
and it's treated the same right? we need the info to register the business with twilio for the TN's

**U05LJ1DJBHC** (2026-03-25 15:45 UTC):
how do they get the conversation link? that wasn't one that was included in the email was it?
If I try going there to conversations once I click it , it takes me to this URl <https://activate.hammer-corp.com/4bc32118-b455-4f6b-a407-64124beab840>

and that's where I see the activation page

so do I send that link to him?

**U01AYS87U4R** (2026-03-25 15:49 UTC):
When he logs in he would need to hit conversations in the menu, because it usually takes them to the new dashboard and bypasses the activation option. I haven’t tried the direct link to the activation, it should work though.

**U05LJ1DJBHC** (2026-03-25 15:50 UTC):
okay im going to send this back to chris and see if the activation link directly works for them
