---
slack_ts: 1775594814.138509
date: 2026-04-07
participants: ["U0292TXTJMD", "U03A4A2JSJY"]
source: slack
---

# Slack thread 1775594814.138509

**U03A4A2JSJY** (2026-04-07 20:46 UTC):
I put a ticket in yesterday for <https://office.hammer-corp.com/accounts/fda9f83d-630b-4610-9e6a-6eacf5488245#profile|Ride Time Auto Finance 2 LLC> yesterday, They noticed when a facebook leads doesnt respond they dont get an update in their crm so their sales team can follow up on it. Seeing if we could fwd all leads to them. They also want to try Market Poster but want to get this resolved first. I didnt see a ticket get posted in the hubspot &amp; no notes could i get an update if this got resolved? <!subteam^S08F3KTU2AH>

**U0292TXTJMD** (2026-04-07 20:52 UTC):
Hey jason! Looks like the ticket was resolved yesterday with an email from <@U0507CBN7K9> <https://app.hubspot.com/contacts/3355079/record/0-5/44149510156?eschref=%2Fhelp-desk%2F3355079%2Fview%2Fsearch%2Fticket%2F44149510156%2Fthread%2F10630832941%3Fquery%3Dride%2Btime|here> which they opened!
but it was slightly backwards for resolution - what nick did would work too but it would also cause notifications for the webchat without a name or number, so I went ahead and turned those extra notifications off and turned on the direct forward for FB ads specifically (see picture, this was off for some reason) - either way it did get resolved but I can call them first if you’d like me to confirm!
Otherwise they are good to go to receive all FB lead forms directly to their CRM even if someone doesnt reply
LMK :slightly_smiling_face:

**U0292TXTJMD** (2026-04-07 20:53 UTC):
it wasnt visibile because the company was not added to the ticket - ive added it for LOS

**U0292TXTJMD** (2026-04-07 20:57 UTC):
I might call anyways to be safe if thats alright with you! Just in case they want everything on - which I would advise against bc of the Webchat messages!

**U03A4A2JSJY** (2026-04-07 21:02 UTC):
Awesome yea that would be no issues at all! Thank you!!

**U03A4A2JSJY** (2026-04-07 21:03 UTC):
Lmk when you wrap up with the call &amp; i can give her a shout for Market poster!

**U0292TXTJMD** (2026-04-07 21:04 UTC):
Good to go :slightly_smiling_face: Sending an email for how to find dupes in DC and she said he is also interested in signing up another location :goldmoney: told her you would be calling to take care of all of that!

**U03A4A2JSJY** (2026-04-07 21:04 UTC):
Lets gooo! Thank you again!!
